doc: Update release-notes-changelog.rst (#5352)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

> 
>   * :ref:`zigbee_template_sample` sample.
>     This minimal Zigbee router application can be used as the starting point for developing custom Zigbee devices.
>   * Added Zigbee Production support for FEM - nRF52 + nRF21540
>   * Added API for Vendor specific NCP commands
>   * Added API for Zigbee command for getting active nodes
>   * Known issues bugfixes:
> 
>      * KRKNWK-9743 Timer cannot be stopped in Zigbee routers and coordinators - The call to the zb_timer_enable_stop() API has no effect on the timer logic in Zigbee routers and coordinators.
>      * KRKNWK-10490: Deadlock in the NCP frame fragmentation logic - If the last piece of a fragmented NCP command is not delivered, the receiving side becomes unresponsive to further commands.
>      * KRKNWK-6071: ZBOSS alarms inaccurate - On average, ZBOSS alarms last longer by 6.4 percent than Zephyr alarms.
>      * KRKNWK-5535: Device assert if flooded with multiple Network Address requests - The device could assert if it receives Network Address requests every 0.2 second or more frequently.
> 
>   * Other bug fixing:
>      * KRKNWK-11096: NCP: assert in host application when host started just after soc SysReset - improved NCP host startup sequance
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added production support for :ref:`radio front-end module (FEM) <ug_radio_fem>` for nRF52 Series devices and nRF21540 EK.
  * :ref:`zigbee_template_sample` sample.
    This minimal Zigbee router application can be used as the starting point for developing custom Zigbee devices.
  * Added API for vendor-specific NCP commands.
  * Added API for Zigbee command for getting active nodes.

* Updated:

  * Fixed the KRKNWK-9743 known issue where the timer could not be stopped in Zigbee routers and coordinators.
  * Fixed the KRKNWK-10490 known issue that would cause a deadlock in the NCP frame fragmentation logic.
  * Fixed the KRKNWK-6071 known issue with inaccurate ZBOSS alarms.
  * Fixed the KRKNWK-5535 known issue where the device would assert if flooded with multiple Network Address requests.
  * Fixed an issue where the NCS would assert in the host application when the host started just after SoC's SysReset.
```

Reviewer: @maciejpietras, I was unable to push to your branch, so here's the suggested change.
